cinema synopses spoiler alert in 2013
aliens and giant monsters called kaiju
through a portal between dimensions
called the bridge after many cities were
destroyed and multiple kaiju attack they
learned this was not gonna stop who
needed a new weapon the leaders of the
world decide to join together and in the
classic style of many Japanese giant
robot animes bill massive robots called
Yeager's to fight monsters we created
monsters of our own as a single pilot
wouldn't be able to handle a Jaeger a
two-pilot system was implemented with a
process called drifting that created a
neural bridge after building the Eagers
we're not really good at it winning
seven years later brothers rally and
Yancey beckon pilots for the Jaeger
[ __ ] danger are called to defend
against the kaiju knife head the
brothers suit up get into their Jaeger
and sync up ready to step into my head
kids after you age before beauty
yes they launch from their base and
Anchorage feeling fearless see how
hurricane come that you have to get out
of the way
but when you're in a Jaeger suddenly you
can fight the are again they decide to
go against their orders and rescue a
small fishing boat with the power of
Inception the egg reception before
attacking knifehead they think they
killed my head with their plasma cannon
but it jumps out of the water and severs
[ __ ] dangers left arm it then rips the
ensign out of the cockpit killing him
and forcing rally to finish off the
kaijus solo rally makes his way to shore
in [ __ ] danger and collapses on the
shore subsequently quitting after being
traumatized by his brother's death the
world governments decide to retire the
Jaeger program and move the shatterdome
in Hong Kong
instead they invest in building a
massive wall along the coast which turns
out to be little more than a decoration
as kaijus marshal Pentecost rallies old
commander attempts to convince rally to
return saying and Agha Springs rally to
the shatterdome where he meets maka
moody Pentecost adopted daughter and
director of the Jaeger restoration
program where she expresses her
disappointment
scouting the Jaeger program is operating
at a minimum and crimson typhoon and
striker Eureka we're gonna strap a 2,400
pound thermonuclear warhead to strikers
back scientists Herman Gottlieb a
mathematician and Newton Gessler a
biologist each proposed different
theories about the kaiju according to
God leave the breech will stabilize and
the number of kaiju will increase
eventually resulting in Gessler drifts
with a piece of kaiju brain against
pentecost's orders and discovers their
colonists Pentecost orders Gessler to
get in touch with the black-market boss
Hannibal Chau to get a fresh kaiju brain
Gessler reveals to Chow that he House
says that drifting is a it's a two-way
street and the kaiju simultaneously
learned about Gessler and maybe those
kaiju trying to find you rally attend
some tryouts where Macko tries to find
him a drift compatible copilot and he
suggests how about we give her a shot
don't think your brightest can cut in
the ring with me after sparring Raley
decides that she's Michael on the two
tests their neural compatibility and
sync but suddenly Macko gets lost in the
drift
[Music]
Mako's memories revealed that she was
saved by pentecost during a kaiju attack
[Music]
explaining why Pentecost wanted to
protect her you rescued her raised her
you are holding her back prophesized
double event happens and two kaijus
emerge watching leatherback all of the
acres except [ __ ] danger are deployed
Itachi rips the head off of typhoon
killing its pilots and then sprays acid
at Cherno alpha melting its armor
leatherback drowns and kills the pilots
at turn well then paralyzes strike
Eureka with an EMP blast [ __ ] danger is
sent to defend Hong Kong and defeats
both King Kong I mean leatherback I
think this guy's dead let's check for
pulse no pulse and
Toula deployed
it turns out little touchy was pregnant
and Hannibal points out the baby kaiju
that comes out is strangled by its Boca
car tyre Ranas neck before getting eaten
by it
Gessler and Gottlieb drift with the baby
Kaidu brain and learn because to get
through the breach they with Herc
injured Pentecost decides to copilot
the striker Eureka with Chuck and
together with rally and Macko in the
[ __ ] danger they taped the bomb to the
breach and faced the kaiju SCADA and
watch a third massive kaiju joined the
two already there and they gang up on
the two jagers critically damaging [ __ ]
danger turns ride you into sashimi then
striker Eureka detonates the ball
they're gonna detonate the pill you take
it on its back - supposedly kill the
other two
the biggest hide you survive but rally
in Mokpo ride its body into the breach
Mako's oxygen supply is cut off so rally
gives her his and then ejects her to
safety
it's okay finish this and then activate
the nuclear self-destruct in [ __ ]
danger rally ejects to safety while
[ __ ] danger explodes killing a bunch of
the evil Christopher Columbus wannabe
alien colonists their City and the
breach itself
Oh mah Co and rally surface and herc the
new marshal makes the order to signify
the human victory in a mid credit scene
Hannibal finally emerges from the
carcass of the baby kaiju where's my god
damn here are some fun Easter eggs and
trivia from Pacific Rim kaiju is a
Japanese word that literally translates
to strange beasts it is usually used to
refer to giant monsters from Japanese
science fiction films such as Godzilla
in 1954 [ __ ] danger is named after the
de Havilland [ __ ] aircraft engine this
was intended as a nostalgic nod to the
World War 2 era which was a major
influence in the design of the robot in
Hungary the trailers for the movie could
not mention the name of the main robot
[ __ ] danger since the name was seen as
offensive to gypsy or Roma people who
form a large ethnic group in the country
in the dub of the movie itself the name
is spoken freely but it is left in
English Pacific Rim Zegers are a staple
of Japanese anime where they are often
referred to as mecha similar to many
mecha anime series acres are controlled
from within by human pilots
distinguishing them from other
depictions of robots as automated
sentient or externally controlled
[Music]